enhancement(http sink): Update HttpRequest struct to pass additional metadata (#19780)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/clickhouse_acknowledgements.breaking.md

> Requests that encounter 500-level errors from the Clickhouse server will be retried instead of immediately producing an error at their source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When end-to-end acknowledgments are enabled, outgoing requests in the ClickHouse sink that encounter 500-level errors will now correctly report an errored (retriable) status, rather than a rejected (permanent) status, to Vector's clients.
```

Updated the end status for end-to-end acknowledgments for the clickhouse sink.

> When requests encounter 500-level errors, the end status is now "Errored" instead of "Rejected".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requests that encounter 500-level errors from the Clickhouse server will be retried instead of immediately producing an error at their source.
```
